CHANDRASHEKHAR RAJPAL PATIL

India 
PATILSHEKHAR1412@GMAIL.COM 
9634754633 
linkdin: in/chandrashekhar-patil https://github.com/shekharpat777

SUMMARY

I'm a passionate DevOps Engineer with 3.8 years of haruls-on work experience bridging the gap between development and operations. I thrive in dynamic environments, leveraging my expertise in Jenkins, CI/CD pipelines, Git, Ansible, AWS, and Kubernetes to automate worldlows, build resilient infrastructure, and accelerate software delivery. My focus is on streamlining processes, enhancing collaboration, and driving continuous improvement through the DevOps lifecycle.

EXPERIENCE

Senior system engineer Infosys

September 2023-Present. Pune

Successfully implemented CI/CD pipelines with rigorous security checks and automated compliance audits, reducing deployment time by

10% for a major bank's core bariling system

optimized resources used in AWS and less execution time of build leading to significantiy less AWS cost.

ensured timely service upgrades for environments are done and automated tasks by using Ansible to reduce manual work

System engineer

Infosys

December 2021-September 2023, pune

created jenkins johns as per the requirernent of the project with all unifiguration and Ansible ride to automate the build pipeliw.

created and implemented cronjobs for scheduled tasks reducing time consumed and avoided repetitive tasks.

Java, Kubernetes, Ansible, docker, aws and DevOps

System engineer trainee

Infosys The training provided a solid foundation for a full-stack development journey. By mastering Spring Boot and Angular, we were able to create

September 2021-December 2021, Mysore

robust, scalable, and user-centric web applications.

PROJECTS

Infrastructure as Code for production infrastructure using Terraform

Infosys October 2021-January 2024

Autorisated infrastructure mariagement that helped us to free up IT resources for higher-level tasks

terraform configurations were useful to rebuild infrastructure quickly in case of disaster.

Automated Deployment Pipeline for microservices

Infosys February 2023 September 2023

The pipeline will streamline the workflow from code commit te production deployment, ensuring efficiency, reliability, and faster release cycles.

Autornating deployments significantly helped to decrease the time to market for new features and bug fixes

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Computer Engineering

University of Pune India 2021-7.28

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Cloud Practioner

Amazon web services 2023

Ansible

Lex Infosys 2022

kubernetes

Lex Infosys 2022

SKILLS

Ansible, docker, python, kubernetes, maven, jenkins, cied, AWS